“Don’t look further for answers: be the solution. You were born with everything you need to know. Make a promise to stop getting in the way of the blessing that you are. Take a deep breath, remember to have fun, and begin.” – Jonathan H. Ellerby
“Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves ?to recognize how good things really are.” - Marianne Williamson
“Joy is what makes life beautiful. It’s what gets us through challenges and allows light in to illuminate the shadows. Joy heals our wounds, inspires us to greatness, and fills our souls with goodness.” – Meimei Fox
“Each day holds a surprise. But only if we expect it can we see, hear, or feel it when it comes to us. Let’s not be afraid to receive each day’s surprise, whether it comes to us as sorrow or as joy. It will open a new place in our hearts, a place where we can welcome new friends and celebrate more fully our shared humanity.” – Henri Nouwen
"Your outlook is more than just what you think of the world. It is what you make of the world, of your life, and you have every reason to make it the best you can imagine.” — Ralph Marston
“The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out and meet it.” — Thucydides
“To play is to be the bridge between mastery and mystery, chaos and control, the foolishly brave and the bravely foolish.” – The Oaqui
“People need to be encouraged. People need to be reminded of how wonderful they are. People need to be believed in – told they are brave, and smart, and capable of accomplishing all the dreams they dream – and more. Remind each other of this.”— Stacey Jean Speer
“Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it.” – Marcus Aurelius
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” – Henry David Thoreau
“We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Yes, I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can find his way by moonlight, and see the dawn before the rest of the world.” – scar Wilde
“One reason that challenge brings happiness is that it allows you to expand your self-definition. You become larger.” – Gretchen Rubin
“Optimism is a strategy for making a better future. Because unless you believe that the future can be better, you are unlikely to step up and take responsibility for making it so.” – Noam Chomsky
Inspiration, a word which clearly states about a thing or a person you highly admire or take him/her as an ideal person in your life. Inspirational Quotes are just directions which you can implement in your life to attain your prime goal. We all are surrounded by whole lot things which inspire us, it all depends on how you take it. Life is an amazing gift, and we should appreciate what nature has offered us. Even this seemingly all-encompassing world is just a tiny blue dot circling an average sized star, revolving around a galaxy of 200-400 billion stars, which itself is one galaxy among others. These Inspirational Thoughts encourages the power within us, to survive and be persistent enough in this world, which supports the survival of the fittest.
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” ― Kurt Vonnegut
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” ― Paulo Coelho
“Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.” ― Neil Gaiman
“Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.” ― Langston Hughes
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.” ― Walt Disney
“If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.” ― Chad Sugg
“To do anything in the world worth doing, we must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.” – Robert Cushing
“Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.” ? Rachel Ann Nunes
“We Become More Than We Think We Can Be, By Looking Beyond All We Presently Believe.” ~ Eleesha
“There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.” – Joseph Addison
“Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go, they merely determine where you start.” — Nido Qubein
“Adventure is an attitude that we must apply to the day to day obstacles of life – facing new challenges, seizing new opportunities, testing our resources against the unknown and in the process, discovering our own unique potential.” — John Amatt
Greatness is your potential, Action is your opportunity.
There are some things you can learn best in calm, and some in storm.
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go.
"The word spiritual, not the word religious, is the key."—Clarence Clemons
"Every natural fact is a symbol of some spiritual fact."—Ralph Waldo Emerson
To achieve success and accomplish prime goal of our lives, people have to be motivated, and motivation comes from encouragement. Motivational Quotes mentioned here will surely motivate you to work hard for your aim and never lose hope, no matter how miserably you fail. Every person in this world faces hardships and situations which force them to feel underrated or weak but then as you know after every night, new sunshine awaits. Similarly, we’re here to help you in facing the all of these situations of your life. We have tried our best to gather some of the Best Motivational Quotes which might sound pleasing to you. So have a glance at the below mentioned Quotes for Motivation and beyond this always remember to be hopeful no matter how hard the situation is.
When you focus on what’s wrong you get more of what’s wrong, conversely, when you focus on what’s right, you get more of what’s right.
Often we don’t even realize who were meant to be because we’re so busy trying to live out someone else’s ideas. But other people and their opinions hold no power in defining your destiny.
Often we don’t even realize who were meant to be because we’re so busy trying to live out someone else’s ideas. But other people and their opinions hold no power in defining your destiny.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else does and thinking something different.
“If you look for reasons to be angry, you’ll find plenty of them. Look instead for reasons to be joyful, and see them everywhere.
"In my songs, the sex is all subliminal. It's subliminal, spiritual."—Ziggy Marley
"When you have a spiritual foundation, you look at poverty differently then."—Dennis Banks
"Poetry for me is as much a spiritual practice as sexual ecstasy is."—James Broughton
"Yoga has reinforced and grounded my own spiritual beliefs."—Christy Turlington
"There is a muscular energy in sunlight corresponding to the spiritual energy of wind."—Annie Dillard
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us."
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today."
"You must not only aim right But draw the bow with all your might"
"Challenges are what make life interesting And overcoming them is what makes life meaningful"
"Happiness is not something readymade It comes from your own actions"
"Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force."—Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Sanctified afflictions are spiritual promotions."—Matthew Henry
"Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach."
"We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided."
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be."
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too."
"Don’t worry about failures worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try"
"Love in its essence is spiritual fire."—Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"What happens is that people who are very religious but who are not in touch with reality cannot be spiritual."—Keith Miller
"Though no one can go back And make a brand new start Anyone can start from now and Make a brand new ending"
"Never give up on something That you can’t go a day Without thinking about"
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself Instead of a second-rate Version of somebody else"
"Challenge yourself with something you know You could never do And what you’ll find is that You can overcome anything"
"You make a living by what you get You make a life by what you give"
"Even if you fall on your face You’re still moving forward"
"There are two primary choices in life To accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility for changing them"
"Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly."
"If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is."
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty."
"You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write."
"And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye."
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that A human being can alter his life By altering the attitudes of his mind"
"Nothing important was ever achieved Without someone taking a chance"
"Forgive others ' Not because they deserve forgiveness But because you deserve peace"
"Sometimes our light goes out But is blown again into instant flame By an encounter with another human being"
"When everything seems to be going against you Remember that the airplane takes off , Against the wind, not with it."
"The greater the difficulty The more glory in surmounting it, Skillful pilots gain their reputation From storms and tempests"
"It is only in our darkest hours That we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light Within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed"
"Every adversity, every failure and every heartache Carries with it the seed of an equivalent Or a greater benefit"
"Courage doesn’t always roar Sometimes courage is the quiet voice At the end of the day Saying, “I will try again tomorrow"""
"Things turn out the best For the people who make the best Of the way things turn out"
"You are today where your thoughts have brought you You will be tomorrow Where your thoughts take you"
"To succeed, you have to do something And be very bad at it for a while You have to look bad before , You can look really good"
"The bravest sight in the world Is to see a great man Struggling against adversity"
"I will love the light for it shows me the way Yet I will endure the darkness For it shows me the stars"
"Most people do not listen With the intent to understand Most people listen with the intent to reply"
"The reason why we struggle with insecurity Is because we compare our behind the scenes With everyone else's highlight reel"
"If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends If broken by an inside force, life begins Great things always begin from the inside"
"Never complain about what your parents couldn't give you It was probably all they had"
"He who asks a question remains a fool for five minutes He who does not ask remains a fool forever"
"If you want to know what a man's like Take a look at how he treats his inferiors Not his equals"
"Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow It empties today of its strength"
"Yesterday is history Tomorrow is a mystery Today is a gift That's why it's called a present"
"Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass It’s about learning how to dance in the rain"
"Success is going from failure to failure Without losing your enthusiasm"
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement Nothing can be done without hope and confidence"
"A lot of people are afraid to say what they want That’s why they don’t get what they want"
"When you have a dream You’ve got to grab it and never let go"
"Every experience, no matter how bad it seems Holds within it a blessing of some kind The goal is to find it"
"In any project the important factor is your belief Without belief, there can be no successful outcome"
"First say to yourself what you would be and then do what you have to do"
"Don’t give up! It’s not over The universe is balanced Every set-back bears with it The seeds of a come-back"
"I hated every minute of training But I said, ‘Don’t quit Suffer now and live the rest Of your life as a champion"
"Sometimes you wake up Sometimes the fall kills you And sometimes, when you fall, you fly"
"The flower that blooms In adversity is the rarest And most beautiful of all"
"Even if nobody believes in me Supports me, or recognizes my effort I’ll keep going"
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop struggling
"Understanding is the first step to acceptance And only with acceptance can there be recovery"
"Move on, don’t let the little things of life hold you back Forget, forgive, and move on"
"Difficult doesn’t mean impossible It simply means that you have to work hard"
"Don’t worry about everything That could possibly go wrong Instead, act, and deal with obstacles as they arrive"
"Life is a gift Never forget to enjoy and Bask in every moment you are in"
""Celebrate life Unless you celebrate each day of life You are not truly living Let each day be a festival of joy"
"It starts with dreams Dreams create desires Desires create determination Which leads us to our destiny"
"Never let your past nor your present Decide what your future is going to look like"
"When things don’t happen, people get sick They see time tick and they want it quick They forget that success happens brick by brick"
"Keep your eyes open And your feet moving forward You’ll find what you need"
"You cannot always wait for the perfect time Sometimes you must dare to jump"
"Progress is impossible without change And those who cannot change their minds Cannot change anything"
"Success isn’t given. It’s earned On the track, on the field, in the gym With blood, sweat, and the occasional tear"
"You can have anything you want If you are willing to give up The belief that you can’t have it"
"Shoot for the moon Even if you miss you’ll land among the stars"
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people For an extraordinary destiny"
"I continue to smile each day Because life is simply way too short To cry of anything that’s worthless"
"Just because I can’t do it today Doesn’t mean I’m not gonna Be able to do it someday"
"The purpose of coming across the bridge in life Is to cross over and not to think over"
"Keep on gamely when the chips are down Never give up hope Always believe that the best is yet to be"
"To gain victory in life You need determination and focus"
"Challenges in life should inspire you Never ever let them deprive you"
"If there is something for you to do Do it now and right away Never put until tomorrow anything you can do today"
"Action has the magical power of turning dreams into reality"